Add guidance on using profilers from within Jupyter notebooks. (#24)
RSE-Sheffield/pando-python: episodes/profiling-functions.md

As you hover each box, information to the left of the diagram updates specifying the location of the method and for how long it ran.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: callout

## snakeviz Inside Notebooks

> If you're more familiar with writing Python inside Jupyter notebooks, you might not feel comfortable using the command line for profiling. Instead, `snakeviz` can be called directly from inside notebooks, and it will automatically call `cProfile` for you.

Reviewer: Slightly negative language suggesting people _might not feel comfortable_.

Could perhaps instead say...

```suggestion
If you're more familiar with writing Python inside Jupyter notebooks you can still use  `snakeviz` directly from inside notebooks using the notebooks "magic" prefix (`%`) and it will automatically call `cProfile` for you.
```

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

If you followed along inside a notebook it might look like this:

![The worked example inside a notebook.](episodes/fig/snakeviz-worked-example-notebook.png){alt="A Jupyter notebook showing the worked example profiled with snakeviz." width=80%}

> Because notebooks operate by creating temporary Python files, the filename (shown `1378276351.py` above) and line numbers are not too useful, but function names should still be helpful.

Reviewer: Glad you didn't pay too much attention to this suggestion I was distracted and didn't write it properly!

> Because notebooks operate by creating temporary Python files, the filename (shown `1378276351.py` above) and line numbers are not too useful, but function names should still be helpful.

Author: I fixed part of it but left a bit still wrong 🤦‍♂️
